Completed codepen : https://codepen.io/vippsi/pen/zYvOYgP?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        HTML that gives meaning to our content 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create the structure of the site 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
         it controls an elements behaviour and is inside the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to show the most important heading, it should be used once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <a></a> and <select></select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        meta data, style sheets, links to fonts, the title  
    7. What is an id?
        an id is a single use attribute  
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        any html element  
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        you can only use it the original time 
    10. What is a class? 
        a class is a multiuse attribute to apply the same style accross multiple elements 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        you can add a class to any element 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
         as many times as you'd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        a text description for screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
        with the "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is used for semantic markup where a div is used structurely
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        css is used to style markup
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        an id can only be used once per page, whereas a class can be used multiple times. 
        you would use a class if you're styling multiple <p></p> and want them to be the same. 
        I would use an id if you have a single thing that needs to be styled or use it for an anchor when using scrolling animations 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        with a . EX: .thisClass {

        }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        it selects all direct children of the parent, it would be useful for updating the last of some inventory item automatically 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a selector that only targets elements in a specific state like :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* This is how you write a comment in CSS */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm you have to be careful because it gives no warning and gets permanently removed 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to keep track of changes in case you need to go back, or you make a mistake
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        with every large change/as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin jonathan-thornton 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1) fork
        2) add contributor 
        3) clone the repo using "git clone"
        4) create a new branch with git checkout -b 'jonathan-thornton'
        5) make a change
        6)add the repo changes with git add .
        7)commit your changes with git commit -m "a helpful message"
        8)push your changes to your branch with git push -u origin 'jonathan-thornton' 
        9) change to your branch on github
        10)create a new pull request
        11) change the base repo to your branch 
        12) add your reviewer 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline elements do not force a line break where block elements do
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?